"Rolling Girl"
Music & Lyrics by wowaka
For lonely girls, it's always the same
Dreaming dreams that don't come true
And churning, churning through
The clamor in their heads
A lonely girl mutters "I'm fine"
Have words failed her?
A failure, a failure
Obsessing over her mistakes makes everything spin again!
One more time, one more time
"I'll roll along again today"
The girl said, the girl said
Breathing life into the words!
"How about now?"
"Not yet, we still can't see what's ahead.
Hold your breath, now."
This is how it ends for a Rolling Girl
Unable to reach the colors on the other side
The overlapping voices
They blend together, blend together
She mutters, "I'm fine.", but the words fail her
Not caring how it ends
An upward climb that invites mistakes
One more time, one more time
Please, get me rolling
The girl said, the girl said
With her intense silence!
"How about now?"
"Just a little more, we should see something soon.
Hold your breath, now."
One more time, one more time
"I'll roll along again today"
The girl said, the girl said
Breathing laughter into the words!
"How about now? OK, you can look.
You must be exhausted too, right?"
Stop breathing, now.